INSTALL.md, before:

# Installation Guide
 (Blocker_Device)

This document is based on the **[Blocker_Device](https://github.com/HSU-Blocker/Blocker_Device)** repository  
and provides installation instructions for running actual update processes on IoT devices  
(e.g., autonomous vehicle prototypes, Raspberry Pi, or other IoT hardware).  

## Prerequisites
- **Docker** and **Docker Compose** installed  
- **Git** installed  

## 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/HSU-Blocker/Blocker_Device.git
cd Blocker_Device
```

## 2. Configure .env

Create a .env file in the root directory of the project with the following content:

```
# Environment
FLASK_ENV=development

# Blockchain Configuration
WEB3_PROVIDER={YOUR_WEB3_PROVIDER}
WEB3_WS_PROVIDER=ws://{YOUR_WEB3_PROVIDER}
# Use one of the default development accounts provided by Ganache
PRIVATE_KEY={YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY}
ACCOUNT_ADDRESS={YOUR_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS}
CONTRACT_ADDRESS={YOUR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS}
CONTRACT_ABI_PATH=/blockchain/contract_address.json

# IPFS Configuration
IPFS_API=/dns/ipfs/tcp/5001/http   # For ipfshttpclient
IPFS_GATEWAY={YOUR_IPFS_GATEWAY}   # For HTTP downloads

# Ports
DEVICE_API_PORT={YOUR_DEVICE_API_PORT}
MANUFACTURER_API_PORT={YOUR_MANUFACTURER_API_PORT}

# IoT Device Example Settings
OWNER_ADDRESS={YOUR_OWNER_ADDRESS}
OWNER_PRIVATE_KEY={YOUR_OWNER_PRIVATE_KEY}
PUBLIC_KEY={YOUR_BLOCKCHAIN_PUBLIC_KEY}

# Manufacturer API URL
MANUFACTURER_API_URL={YOUR_MANUFACTURER_API_URL}

# Coqui TTS License Agreement
COQUI_TOS_AGREED=1

# HuggingFace Token
HF_TOKEN={YOUR_HF_TOKEN}
```


## 3. Docker Setup

This project uses a Python 3.10-slim (arm64) Docker image to set up
the runtime environment for IoT device execution on Ubuntu.

### 3.1 Build the containers
```sh
docker-compose build
```

### 3.2 Run the containers
```sh
docker-compose up
```

### 3.3 Run in detached mode (background)
```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

### 3.4 Stop the containers
```sh
docker-compose down
```

## Notes

This installation process assumes execution directly on the IoT device.

While tested on an autonomous vehicle prototype, the same process can also be applied
to other IoT devices (e.g., Raspberry Pi).

---

If you encounter any issues, please report them via [Issues](https://github.com/HSU-Blocker/Blocker_Device/issues).

Commit message:

Docs: Add Google Cloud service account key setup instructions to INSTALL.md

INSTALL.md, after:

# Installation Guide
 (Blocker_Device)

This document is based on the **[Blocker_Device](https://github.com/HSU-Blocker/Blocker_Device)** repository  
and provides installation instructions for running actual update processes on IoT devices  
(e.g., autonomous vehicle prototypes, Raspberry Pi, or other IoT hardware).  

## Prerequisites
- **Docker** and **Docker Compose** installed  
- **Git** installed  

## 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/HSU-Blocker/Blocker_Device.git
cd Blocker_Device
```

## 2. Configure .env

Create a .env file in the root directory of the project with the following content:

```
# Environment
FLASK_ENV=development

# Blockchain Configuration
WEB3_PROVIDER={YOUR_WEB3_PROVIDER}
WEB3_WS_PROVIDER=ws://{YOUR_WEB3_PROVIDER}
# Use one of the default development accounts provided by Ganache
PRIVATE_KEY={YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY}
ACCOUNT_ADDRESS={YOUR_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS}
CONTRACT_ADDRESS={YOUR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS}
CONTRACT_ABI_PATH=/blockchain/contract_address.json

# IPFS Configuration
IPFS_API=/dns/ipfs/tcp/5001/http   # For ipfshttpclient
IPFS_GATEWAY={YOUR_IPFS_GATEWAY}   # For HTTP downloads

# Ports
DEVICE_API_PORT={YOUR_DEVICE_API_PORT}
MANUFACTURER_API_PORT={YOUR_MANUFACTURER_API_PORT}

# IoT Device Example Settings
OWNER_ADDRESS={YOUR_OWNER_ADDRESS}
OWNER_PRIVATE_KEY={YOUR_OWNER_PRIVATE_KEY}
PUBLIC_KEY={YOUR_BLOCKCHAIN_PUBLIC_KEY}

# Manufacturer API URL
MANUFACTURER_API_URL={YOUR_MANUFACTURER_API_URL}

# Coqui TTS License Agreement
COQUI_TOS_AGREED=1

# HuggingFace Token
HF_TOKEN={YOUR_HF_TOKEN}
```

## 3. Generate a Google Cloud service account key and add it to the project root

Make sure to rename the issued file to `electric-vision-465910-b0-fd08e1f02d86.json`.

## 4. Docker Setup

This project uses a Python 3.10-slim (arm64) Docker image to set up
the runtime environment for IoT device execution on Ubuntu.

### 4.1 Build the containers
```sh
docker-compose build
```

### 4.2 Run the containers
```sh
docker-compose up
```

### 4.3 Run in detached mode (background)
```sh
docker-compose up -d
```

### 4.4 Run in detached mode with build
```sh
docker-compose up -d --build
```

### 4.5 Stop the containers
```sh
docker-compose down
```

## Notes

This installation process assumes execution directly on the IoT device.

While tested on an autonomous vehicle prototype, the same process can also be applied
to other IoT devices (e.g., Raspberry Pi).

---

If you encounter any issues, please report them via [Issues](https://github.com/HSU-Blocker/Blocker_Device/issues).
